samples: matter: disable mpsl before preforming factory reset (#19696)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Matter
------

* Disabled the :ref:`mpsl` before performing factory reset to speed up the process.

>   The :ref:`mpsl` is also disabled during the last fabric removal process and is re-enabled after the flash operations are completed.

Reviewer: This is not true now, right?

Author: Fixed.

Matter
------

> - Added the factory reset callback and described its usage in the :ref:`ug_matter_persistent_storage_factory_reset` user guide.
>   The default implementation of the factory reset callback disables :ref:`mpsl` before performing flash operations to speed up the process.
>   :ref:`mpsl` is also disabled during the last fabric removal process and is re-enabled after the flash operations are completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the factory reset callback and described its usage in the :ref:`ug_matter_persistent_storage_factory_reset` section of the Matter documentation.
  The default implementation of the factory reset callback disables the :ref:`mpsl` before performing flash operations to speed up the process.
  The :ref:`mpsl` is also disabled during the last fabric removal process and is re-enabled after the flash operations are completed.
```
